Introduce internationalization (i18n) policy (#51292)
apache/airflow: airflow-core/src/airflow/ui/src/i18n/README.md

- The designated code owner, should post a thread to the dev list, requesting the approval of:
  - Themselves as the code owner in the suggested locale. If they are a translation sponsor, they should indicate it as well.
  - Other code owner(s) in the suggested locale, if applicable.
  - The identity of the translation owner(s) in the suggested locale (which could be themselves as well)
- When introducing a new locale, the thread should announce that (including a link to the PR)
- Within the thread, the code owner should demonstrate that the translation owner is suitable for the role, according to the requirements in section 5.3.
- Approval of a code owner who is also the translation owner can be done by a lazy consensus.
- Approval of any translation owner who is not a committer requires at least one binding vote of 1 PMC member, and no objections from other committers/PMC.

### 6.2. Approval of a new locale

The following steps outline the process for approving a new locale to be added to the supported locales:

- Creating a PR for adding the suggested locale to the codebase ([see example](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/51258/files)), which includes:

>     - The locale files (translated according to the guidelines) in the `airflow-core/src/airflow/ui/src/i18n/locales/<LOCALE_CODE>` directory, where `<LOCALE_CODE>` is the code of the language according to ISO 639-1 standard (e.g., `fr` for French). Languages with regional variants should be handled in separate directories, where the name is suffixed with `-<VARIANT>`, and `<VARIANT>` is the variant follows ISO 3166-1 or UN M.49 codes in lowercase (e.g., `zh-tw` for Taiwanese Chinese).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The locale files (translated according to the guidelines) in the `airflow-core/src/airflow/ui/src/i18n/locales/<LOCALE_CODE>` directory, where `<LOCALE_CODE>` is the code of the language according to ISO 639-1 standard (e.g., `fr` for French). Languages with regional variants should be handled in separate directories, where the name is suffixed with `-<VARIANT>`, and `<VARIANT>` is the variant that follows ISO 639-1 or BCP 47 codes in lowercase (e.g., `zh-tw` for Taiwanese Mandarin).
```

I need to oppose using `ISO 3166-1` and suggest using `ISO 639-1` with BCP 47 instead
